# INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:-

1) What is Python?
	python is a high level,easy to leran programming language used for web,data,AI,and automation.
						or
	Python is an simple,dynamic,interpreted,high level language and general purpose programming language.

	*Simple:- Python is simple because its syntax is easy to read,write and understand.

	*Dynamic:- A dynamic language allows changing variable types at runtime.

	*Interpreted:- An interpreted language executes code line by line.

	*High-level:- A high language is easy for humans easy to read and write.

	*General purpose:- A general-purpose language is used for many types of application.

2) Who developed python?
	python was developed by Guido van Rossum,a dutch programmer.

3) When was python realesed?
	python was first released in 1991.

4) What is variable?
	variable is a one type of container where we can store a value.

5) what is comment?
	A comment note in the code that is not executed.

		* A single-line comment is written using #.

		* A multi-line comment is written using triple quotes.('''    ''') or ("""    """).

6) Can variable start with a number?
	No, a variable name cannot start with a number.

7) Can variable start with an underscore?
	Yes, a variable name can start with an underscore _ .

8) What is indentation of python?
	Indentation means adding spaces before code to define blocks.

9) Why is indentation important?
	Indentation defines the structure and grouping of code in python.

10) What does range() do?
	The range() function generates a sequence of numbers.

11) What is loop?
	A loop is used to repeat a block of code multiple times.

12) Give an example of a for loop.
	Example: for i in range(1,6):
		print(i)

13) What is the use of print()?
	The print() function displays output on the screen. 

14) What are python keywords?
	Keywords are reserved words with special meaning in python.

15) How to get pyhton keyword list?
	By using keyword.kwlist from the keyword module.

16) Can we can rename a module while importing?
	Yes,we can rename a module using the  as  keyword. 	